the Rockies ready to break out the bats
in Cincinnati and they are not facing
Johnny Cueto on Wednesday as scheduled
instead Paige obra al called up to make
his first big-league start for the Reds
because Cueto is on the DL with a
shoulder strength town for the first
Carlos Gonzales at the plate for
Colorado and he'll take the area deep to
left field for a solo home run his 15th
long ball of the year and it's one
nothing Colorado now Jon Garland the
rocky starter would give up a four spot
in the bottom at the inning but in the
top of the third the Rockies fight back
there's a man aboard for Troy Tulowitzki
and 2 low goes deep to left field
against Bri al that's a two-run home run
number 14 on the year for him and the
Rockies figured a 4-3 ballgame top for
now the Rockies rally again two on and
two down for mr. Gonzales and this one
is driven
I mean crushed almost out of the
ballpark to deep right touch him all
time for cargo for the second time in
the ballgame and with two outs and
nobody on for three behind goes to 6-4
ahead the AL would last just one more
batter and gets pulled after three and
two thirds having allowed six earned
runs on 10 hits top 7 still a 6-4
Rockies lead when Todd Helton belts a
two-run shot off Alfredo Simone number
six on the year for the veteran Helton
and Colorado leaves this one 8 to 4 but
the rocks aren't done flexing their
muscles yet top of the a that tonight
the four Rockies cargos at the plate
again with a man aboard facing Manny
Parra does he have a three homer night
yeah
he does touch him all time for Carlos
Gonzalez 17 homers on the year six RBIs
tonight to equal a career high and the
Rockies leading 811 to fold second
career three home run game for Carlos
Gonzales and the next batter is Troy
Tulowitzki and he'll follow suit nicely
with his fifth hit of the night tying a
career high too low goes 5 for 5 in the
ballgame and caps off at 12 for Rockies
win
Tulowitzki reports his third career 5
hit game in the Rockies pound out a
season-high 20 base hits and all
Colorado has now won four of his last
five and John garland settles down after
a rough first inning to beat the Reds
for the first time since 2006